Saksham Gulati - Personal Portfolio
This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio website. It's a modern, responsive, single-page site designed to showcase my skills, projects, and professional experience as a Data Scientist.

Live Demo: sakshamgulati.github.io 

✨ Key Features
Sleek, Modern Design: A clean and visually appealing layout inspired by contemporary web design trends.

Animated Hero Section: An engaging "typing code" animation to introduce myself.

Responsive Layout: Fully optimized for a seamless experience on all devices, from mobile phones to desktops.

Project Showcase: A dedicated "My Work" section to feature key projects with descriptions and media.

Interactive Elements: Smooth scrolling, hover effects, and a functional contact form.

Modular Codebase: The code is logically separated into HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files for easy maintenance and scalability.

🛠️ Tech Stack
This portfolio is built with a focus on simplicity and performance using standard web technologies.

HTML5: For the core structure and content.

Tailwind CSS: A utility-first CSS framework for rapid and responsive UI development.

JavaScript (ES6+): For interactive elements like the typing animation and smooth scrolling.

Font Awesome: For scalable vector icons.

FormSubmit: A free, easy-to-use backend service for handling the contact form submissions without a server.

GitHub Pages: For hosting the live website.

🚀 Setup and Installation
To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

Prerequisites
You just need a modern web browser!

Installation
Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-portfolio-repository-name.git

Navigate to the project directory:

cd your-portfolio-repository-name

Open index.html in your browser:
You can simply double-click the index.html file, or if you have a live server extension (like Live Server in VS Code), you can use that to view the site.

📬 Contact
LinkedIn: Your LinkedIn Profile URL

GitHub: @your-github-username

Email: sakshamgulati123@gmail.com